c:\users\b-jozhan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App2\App2\bin\Debug\ReverseMap\resources.pri
c:\users\b-jozhan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App2\App2\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\b-jozhan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App2\App2\bin\Debug\WikiLinks.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\b-jozhan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App2\App2\bld\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\b-jozhan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App2\App2\bld\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\b-jozhan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App2\App2\bld\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\b-jozhan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App2\App2\bld\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\b-jozhan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App2\App2\bld\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\b-jozhan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App2\App2\bld\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\b-jozhan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App2\App2\bld\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\b-jozhan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App2\App2\bld\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\b-jozhan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App2\App2\bld\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\b-jozhan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App2\App2\bld\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\b-jozhan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App2\App2\bld\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\b-jozhan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App2\App2\bld\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\b-jozhan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Demo1\App2\bin\Debug\ReverseMap\resources.pri
C:\Users\b-jozhan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Demo1\App2\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\b-jozhan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Demo1\App2\bin\Debug\WikiLinks.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\b-jozhan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Demo1\App2\bld\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\b-jozhan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Demo1\App2\bld\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\b-jozhan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Demo1\App2\bld\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\b-jozhan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Demo1\App2\bld\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\b-jozhan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Demo1\App2\bld\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\b-jozhan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Demo1\App2\bld\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\b-jozhan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Demo1\App2\bld\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\b-jozhan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Demo1\App2\bld\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\b-jozhan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Demo1\App2\bld\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\b-jozhan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Demo1\App2\bld\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\b-jozhan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Demo1\App2\bld\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\b-jozhan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Demo1\App2\bld\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
